I've been there listening to a weekend
special in the Cortana comics report all
of these are originating from the San
Francisco a gold show general friendly
I'm not really an old friend because
she's probably 40 years younger than I
am maybe 30 Lindsay Hall Lindsay is the
chief market strategist for an
organization called the RMD group met
Lindsay back in Chicago innocently
enough at the heart asset conference
there did an interview to learn more
about what you do you learn more about
what we do a good conversation for like
a better terms
indeed I want to ask you about four
things you know you're a technical
person my friend Rick Ackerman is a
technical person he's been pretty
accurate on the show I'm assuming
because of your position as chief market
strategist for RMB that you're pretty
accurate to when I talk about four areas
first of all gold what are the
technology technicals tell you about
gold mid to long term forget the shorts
sure okay well for the mint alarm term
piece we talked in September with regard
to gold and I wanted to see it retraced
it retraced to the levels that I wanted
and even a little bit farther so that
was great and now we've set up if you
look at a daily chart we've set up a
nice little inverted Head and Shoulders
pattern now it might not be extremely
clean which means it might not pop as
well as we'd like but you're looking at
a completion that might be around 1800
for gold and so what we're doing on the
options side of that is we have a bull
call spread going out into April I
believe April 2013 is what we're looking
at and it's in 1800 1850 so you buy a
call at 1800 and then you're selling a
call at 1850 and that'll give you the
opportunity it's about a $1200
expenditure for about a five thousand
dollar profit if gold moves into that
territory come April so really gold only
needs to move about $100 for you to be
in profit to talk about silver okay
first silver it's interesting because
the charts are very similar so on the
daily perspective you're looking at the
same thing if you wanted to correlate
that then you would want to go with
something like a bull call spread again
the but it would be a 35 36 so you'd buy
the 35 so you'd sell the 36 and then we
wouldn't want silver to be able to move
that much by April of next year so
they're not really expensive nice return
nice risk to reward ratio and if the
patterns come through for us even in the
next month or two then you can make some
money on it
Dow Jones Industrial Average I don't
like that one I know you don't know
personal preference and you know it
might not be technical in perspective
but for me watching it over the last
number of years I think that the the
fail in 2008 to me seemed a little bit
false
I think the recovery was way too fast
I don't trust the levels I think that a
lot of people are out there talking old
socks are cheap today they might be
cheap but what are they gonna do for you
in the next bit of time and then the
election now has passed and we saw the
reaction there at first it was blamed on
Europe right oh this has got to be
what's going on here well Europe's been
going on for a long time so we're going
on for a long time I don't think that
that's the deal and then we're still not
seeing a lot of progression in the
appropriate way so for people that are
invested on the stock side I don't I
don't think that people need to run to
the hills' but I think that it might be
something to look at if you're
considering Bayer potential try looking
at the option side of things for the
futures for the indices and then maybe
kind of shore yourself up by utilizing a
put or something along those lines on
the Dow indices or the S&P indices
whatever you like depending upon what
your position is right so that we can
kind of keep your equity balance but if
it starts to fail you've got the option
in place that can make you some money
and kind of protect your investment and
you don't have to pull everything out
but I think for new investors and stocks
just be wary of what you're getting into
okay last subject I'm really curious as
to how you feel you live in California
you live down in Malibu ok that's pretty
much blue territory the whole state of
California is pretty much pretty much
blue territory yeah I believe there's a
real strong correlation between politics
and investing I really I really believe
that and I've I've had that premise
Lindsey for a long long time now one of
the reasons that I'm not particularly
bullish on the Dow and one of the
reasons that I am bullish on gold is
because of what I perceive to be the the
agenda of the current administration now
let me tell you what I mean by that okay
okay you know my parents were immigrants
my parents ran like hell to get out of
Russia rather than get killed or out of
China - rather than get killed okay and
I grew up in a home that really really
stressed free markets capitalism
small government take care of your
take care of your own I don't see that
philosophy permeating right now in our
country I think that and I think that's
gonna hurt the economy it does I think
it already has it's it's interesting to
watch and you brought up California
outright we just actually got notified
this this week I believe that the Malibu
court systems are going to be shutting
down in Malibu and and Beverly Hills and
a couple of other places obviously
they're not large in population but it's
again par for the course you you end up
with massive government and a lot of
expenditures and a lot of it unnecessary
it's not very efficient in the way it's
run and any of you talking also you're
looking at the economy headlines this
week right hostess and your Twinkie is
dying now because of Union issues right
and all of this kind of stems it's all
together it feeds each other and
ultimately you don't see a lot of profit
coming out of it and so looking at
roadblocks and barriers for people to
start new businesses I think there's a
lot that fades into that you know I I
agree with you I grew up in a military
family I think so we were taught to to
be independent and to be self thinkers
and and to you know just and and beyond
that there's there's a there's a piece
of team there when you're in the
military you don't go out there as a
one-man show but there's still a lot of
drive and initiative on the individual
you know you take ownership and and you
and you lead and I think those are
really really important pieces that
we're missing right now to me leadership
outright means action and when you're
talking about action you have to own
your decisions as well you know so you
lead by action not by speaking and then
you have to actually buck up you have to
own your decisions right or wrong either
way you need to be able to own them and
I think that's a massive piece that's
missing on higher levels and it trickles
down through the rest of society if
nobody's owning anything then why would
anybody want to you know put themselves
out there it's amazing how much passion
you can elicit out of a person when
they're talking about something that
they got that they really really believe
in and Lindsey Hall certainly believes
in what she's doing in terms of her
business and also she's that's pretty
good convictions politically Lindsey
thank you so much
you